OK, looks like we're back here.
So Nishant team, I,
I I take it you all have had a chance to
review the POV.
I know I sent it over maybe almost two
weeks ago now.
Yeah. Yep.
I'm happy to walk through it top to
bottom,
but if you want to focus on any
particular points,
let me know and I can zoom into those
first.
Yeah, I'm Brittany.
Thank you for that.
And we would like to spend a little time
on Slide 6. And I just,
I have a few questions.
And if we can keep it there and then we
can go to the recommendations,
Sure.
so next slide.
Yeah,
I think the order might have changed at
You wanna share screen to watch?
one point.
So is Slide 6 the Komatsu specific key
considerations.
No,
it has the list of limitations and seven
Yes.
things.
The key consideration.
Yeah, I'm.
I'm just looking at the let me share my
screen so I can.
Yeah. OK. OK. Go ahead. Go ahead.
Yeah.
OK.
Yeah, this is the one I was talking about.
OK, OK.
Got it.
But if you want to just start from just
quickly cover anything prior to this,
just let me know which slide you want to
go to.
We can.
We can stay on on that other slide.
That's fine.
OK.
I can talk through that.
So just just to speak to how it how the
storyline kind of gets to this point?
1st it's you know we we looked at general
considerations,
then we looked at some Komatsu specific
considerations.
Meaning based on what we've designed or
built or based on our requirements set,
what should we watch out for?
And then we tried to take a composite of
those two and and kind of summarize.
Into this table here,
and this represents what I would say are
some of the the key aspects or features
that we are either customizing for
Komatsu or we expect that there might be
some big differences between how it would
play out in SaaS versus PAAS models and
so.
OK.
We're highlighting them because these are
some of the driving forces behind our our
current position right now.
OK.
So I I can go through each one if you
want me to elaborate on it then if you
want to pause at anyone and.
Maybe speak to how SAS can solve for that
in a way that's I guess equivalent to
OK.
pass.
Is that is that how you guys want to do
this?
Yes, yes, please. And that sounds good.
OK.
Got it.
So I think the the, the first one,
we already spoke about when we previously
met altogether and it had to do with
admin theme customizations the the key
use case for this as I explained
previously is that we were looking.
We were hoping to adopt the majority of.
The admin back office.
For both Komatsu corporate employees and
dealer admins.
And so you can think about Adobe Commerce
in that sense as more of like a
marketplace where Komatsu is the owner
operator and then each dealer is kind of
a kind of a sub operator or reseller
within that marketplace.
And so they would.
They they should have a right to access
some administrative order management
capabilities and in that scenario.
There was also requirement from Komatsu
to have a consistent look and feel across
their enterprise applications.
So what we know about Adobe Commerce is,
at least under the traditional PAA S
model is that it has an extensible admin
theming framework.
In fact, it's even well documented today.
Yep.
Within the Experience League and we
actually tapped into that as a part of
our design phase where we advocated for
doing a very lightweight themed
customization to the admin just to change
the the color scheme and replace the
Adobe logo in the top left with AK logo.
And in doing so,
that actually seemed to be on par with
what they expected for consistency of
user experience across digital
applications.
Because I I should mention that a dealer
today in Komatsu's ecosystem has to
interact with upwards of 15 different
apps and they all have a very similar
look and feel.
And it was a it's critical that it looks
the same no matter which app they're
interacting with,
as long as we can streamline the login
via things like SSO.
So on this particular point.
Immediately when we,
when we looked at the Saa's offering,
we saw this,
this capability wasn't available.
So that's why we're saying not supported
in SaaS and supported in Paas.
So thank you Regin and and your
assessment is right.
We we currently do not have a capability
to adjust the team.
My question is, in this scope of work.
Do you include AEM? How is?
How are you doing this for other Adobe
applications?
Because I don't believe any of the Adobe
applications that are hosted on
experience dot Adobe allow that
functionality either.
Correct. Yeah. For AEM,
we actually have a very different use
case.
For AEM it's it's more content centric
and and thankfully in this business model.
Komatsu is really operating the the main
entry point, which is komatsu.
com and that's set to be kind of a global
representation.
OK.
That really doesn't.
That's not an area of the business that
is within the control of each dealer.
The dealer comes into play with
e-commerce and so really,
Komatsu operates as kind of the the brand
and marketing engine for Komatsu and also
is the gateway or the doorway to their
dealer network.
So anything upstream from the shopping
experience,
OK.
or I should say anything upstream from
from,
from placing an order and having to
fulfill it.
Komatsu was actually managing that on
behalf of their dealers and and so.
OK.
So that's why order management
specifically.
Becomes a function for the dealers,
or at least where they have some
interplay.
Now there, there there is.
I will clarify that to say that there is
a different requirement that has to do
with promotions management and this is an
area where content may come into play and
so we haven't actually designed this yet,
but there is a requirement on our road
map that asks to.
Have an ability for a dealer to create a
promo banner.
That would be attached to a promo.
Now we all know that in Adobe Commerce,
out-of-the-box,
that's a built in capability with some of
its core CMS features.
Although I think with within the Saa's
model,
I didn't actually check if that's been
stripped away.
I don't recall,
but in either case when when we looked at
that particular feature.
We were a little bit concerned because at
first we thought, well,
if we're using AEM for all content
management then do we have to onboard
dealers into that system as well?
The answer given the current state of
Adobe commerce on Paas is is no.
That's a true e-commerce centric
capability that's tied directly to
promotions and offers and the built in
functionality of Adobe Commerce fit the
Mm hmm.
spec.
So we can keep them there for for what we
Yeah.
would end up calling.
Extremely lightweight content management.
All right.
Any questions or comments on that or I
can go to the next one.
Anybody.
Need to do some investigation around our
options here, so thank you for that.
Sure. OK.
So the next one on extensible core admin
screens we we actually talked about this
and we we got some clarification.
I I was actually mistaken at one point
that.
You,
you you had fewer extension points than
you actually do.
It is still much more limited than in the
current Paas offering.
So so our disposition,
if we had to summarize it in just a few
words in the SaaS model,
we're saying it's limited control or
extension points as compared to the past
model.
Which has full control over each screen
individually and the the example that we
Correct. Yep, correct.
gave when we spoke last was that.
There were some unique things that we
might need to do to say.
Preset filters in a grid based on the
current dealer scope of data.
Mm hmm.
So they might only have visibility over
certain customers that that is not a
Yep.
filter that a dealer should have the
right to set on their own.
That should be a preset filter that we
apply kind of behind the scenes on that
admin screen,
and we might also need to hide certain.
Portions of the filtering controls.
Was just one example in our discussions
about the requirements with Komatsu up to
this point,
we have been very careful to say that we
don't want to advocate for major
customizations to the layout.
So for example,
if your typical layout in the admin panel
only gives you a filter at top,
a scope selector,
and a table with your records,
you know a typical CRUD interface.
Yep.
We would advocate for not modifying that
unless we had to, but Even so,
there are a few requirements we've
encountered where.
Yep.
We don't feel that this current
extensibility options on the SaaS model
for I'll say modifying core admin screens
is gonna fit our requirements set.
So we'd have to find a work around and
and in considering workarounds,
we do know that with the admin UI SDK we
can rec.
Screens as needed,
but the concern there which I think I
also explained previously is.
Recreating a core order admin screen.
Kind of defeats the purpose of the
out-of-the-box value.
Adobe commerce.
Yeah.
O we felt that that also wasn't viable.
It was kind of a last resort option.
OK.
And and I guess what I just said covers
the Third Point as well for extensible
new administrants.
Yes. Can I just ask a quick question?
So that one is is supported between
mobile? Yep.
Yeah, just a quick question, Rick.
So on all these pieces,
it sounds like this core order admin
screen is really not the heart.
I mean all these add up together, right?
The customization's on the back end.
Some of the major filters on the on these
different grids,
but is that really kind of the the heart
is on this admin screen and really kind
of because the other parts we could maybe
look at possibly?
But really,
is that kind of where the heart of the
matter is on a lot of this?
Just kinda curious.
Yeah,
probably order processing is the biggest
point for dealers based on what I know
about the requirement set,
Yep, Yep.
there may be a future where they have
some.
OK.
We we haven't.
We haven't really talked about this or
sorry, we talked about it,
but I would say it's not on the road map
for for our commercial launch deadline
right now.
But one thing that we've talked about is
whether or not we want to allow dealers
Mm hmm.
to.
Manage an extension of the catalog that
represents their own product sets.
So in in komatsu's business.
A dealer can technically and legally
carry and sell both Komatsu and non
Komatsu after market parts.
Komatsu doesn't really have a problem
with this,
but where it becomes a problem is that
Komatsu?
Is really the provider of all Komatsu
parts from a master data source and all
dealers in North America are going to
receive the same catalog based set of
aftermarket parts from a global PIM which
Komatsu controls.
So the question becomes,
what do we do with all the other parts
that if you walked into a dealer,
you could buy off of their shelf?
Shouldn't those non Komatsu brand
aftermarket parts also be available
digitally?
And so in that scenario,
there may be a requirement whereby.
Yeah.
By the dealer should have the ability to
manage,
I'll say an additional subset catalog on
their own. They'll need a home to do that.
Adobe Commerce may be a place for that.
I can't guarantee that at this point,
but those are just some of the thoughts
that are coming to mind right now.
OK.
So catalog order management,
those are definitely admin controls and
also promo management.
That's a huge piece because Komatsu gives
control to dealers.
To set some of their own marketing
promotions.
I think on that catalog piece,
we could look at,
but I think going back to that quarter
admin, that's kind of where, yeah,
we we need to categorize these and do
some deep dives and brainstorming on how
we can figure this out overall.
So if we keep going down the list, though,
we talk about in process execution
customization.
So like like for sure that's changing,
right?
Because it'll be at builder based or
microservices based.
Is that, does that make sense to you all?
I mean,
I understand is different than in process,
but that is that is part of what we're
doing with with SaaS.
Oh oh, for sure. I guess you know.
More fundamentally, for me,
some of this is a mindset shift.
But I also think it's AI.
Yeah.
Think personally for me, Adobe,
you will begin to realize that the power
and flexibility of in process
customization.
Moving away from that to out of process
customization is actually going to set
the capabilities of your product road map
behind because you have a whole ecosystem
of customers that have adopted Adobe
commerce.
Specifically because of its inherent
extensibility framework.
So as you look to pull that out of
process,
OK.
you will find that there are actual
feature gaps based on what customers are
accustomed to be able to do with the
platform.
And there's going to be a point of time
at which you have to catch up, so.
Yeah, yeah, we understand.
We're, you know,
as the implementation partner,
we actually take that very seriously
because the our ability to build
solutions for our customers is dependent
upon directly the extensibility of the
platform itself.
Yeah, the the the downside to that,
as you well know is you know the
customers are really complaining about
the upgrade paths, right.
So when when all the changes happen,
it's very difficult to then map a new
version.
So so it's a.
Yes.
It's a it's a two-part problem, right?
We solve it one way,
but that takes away capability.
But then we go forward.
And there's an opportunity to to solve a
different problem.
So I I totally understand what you're
saying.
We, we.
We know this is a big nut to crack.
We understand.
Yep, and and on this .0. Sorry,
go go ahead.
And.
Oh, I was just going to say, Rick,
we'll always take your feedback, right.
You may say these are the top two or
three or four things in terms of as
moving out of process.
We'd always love your feedback.
We heard from other partners,
the top two or three, they said. Oh,
just this. These are the most common.
So we wanna keep the cadence up and hear
from you as we as we fill those voids so
to speak. Yeah. Yep.
Yeah, I'll,
I'll give you a great example of one.
Yep.
For out of process extensibility,
relying on app Builder,
I think we're all aware of the of the
storage limitations and and Jack was nice
Yep.
enough to walk Doug and I through
recently kind of a preview of what you
guys are trying to accomplish to to
evolve the cap.
For large and long term data storage.
Right now,
that actually is potentially a big issue
for us if we were to move to SaaS because.
Is.
If we don't have persistent storage with
app Builder,
then that means we actually have to
constructor provision infrastructure
elsewhere to do so,
and that creates a a complexity chain and
a maintenance chain that in some ways you
might argue is actually worse or more
difficult than if you.
Yep, Yep.
Built it in a monolithic style so there's
a while I understand auto process
extensibility and what it sets out to do.
I think there's an uncounted cost that
not everybody realizes because it.
It it defers the risk or puts it onto.
Client provided infrastructure and
capabilities to maintain those things
long term.
Like, think about,
think about when you build a node
application and you include twenty
packages that are maintained
independently as open source packages and
you have a loose version constraint on
Yep.
them.
Someone distributes a single update to
that package.
It breaks that app immediately.
So you're you're basically relying on a
much broader pool of.
Community provided solutions to maintain
out of process apps.
I'm not saying that it's a problem.
The whole world does this.
I'm saying that it simply shifts the risk
away from the Adobe deployment into more
client responsibility and by extension,
more partner responsibility.
So for us,
that's something we want to tread very
carefully on.
So Rick,
as we have the proof of concept with the
document DB will want to pull you in and
kind of get your feedback right early on
and then you get you know as we solve
that,
are there any other things that come to
mind in your top?
Two outside of that or chasing towards
now on our side.
And this is a very common feedback.
No, I don't think so.
Yeah, a very common.
Yep,
we we get this from from other partners
as well and that's why we have
prioritized this and and this is
something we are actively looking to
solve and.
We we'll have something.
In near future to to show you and maybe
you can kick the tires and see if that's
good enough.
Sure. Yeah, we have a.
We have a requirement in our road map
right now that is part of our commercial
launch.
Commitment.
Where actually I think Nishant I sent
something to you.
And Surya months ago I showed you a
preview concept.
This was like back in November.
December about a notification engine
where we were looking to route
notifications using Adobe IO and App
Builder and then subsequently publish
them into a custom app that Komatsu had
within their ecosystem.
But we needed a place to store those
notifications because Adobe IO is not
meant for long term storage.
Mm hmm.
And at the time we we realized, OK.
That's a gap.
So I just had a conversation this week
and I had to reinforce that as a gap and
I said will need likely some kind of a
simple rest service on top of a database
that Komatsu provides out of their cloud
infrastructure.
Yeah, Jack, go ahead.
Just reaching for the mute button so the
presentation I gave you to gave to other
SIS as well and one of the questions that
came up was OK, since, you know,
we haven't committed to a early access
program yet.
Soon, that's what Nishant said.
Which I would.
Mm hmm.
I would back up,
but we still don't have definitive dates.
They said, well, listen,
if I was to in my development environment,
connect up to.
AWS Documentdb using because it's it's a
MongoDB style API.
Would that allow me to develop?
Obviously it's not a great deployment
solution,
but it would at least allow me to develop
and what would be the challenge with
upgrading from using that Mongo DB live
in app Builder?
To.
What you have when you have this.
This document style persistence in app
builder itself and the answer was that
was a great idea because you can
absolutely do that.
That we at this point we've got our
surrogate for the Mongo DB JavaScript
library.
Pretty much fleshed out, you know,
in our proof of concept it's it's
actually functioning and you know we'll
be able to expose that as part of the
Early Access program.
We could certainly because it's not 100%
of of the Mongo DB interface, but one.
One thing that might be a short term
solution for this particular gap is to
look at. You know,
what can I do for development right now
until soon occurs.
And and if if that was your biggest
obstacle,
then at least make a dent in the list.
I think.
Yeah,
that's actually a really good thought,
Jack, we can.
We can consider that in our case we'd be
working with Azure.
So I don't know if that would be more
aligned to Cosmos DB and I don't know if
there's compatibility on the interface
there.
Mongre you can use Mongo.
OK, OK, OK. You can use Mongo directly.
Yeah, we can.
We can look into that, I think that.
That's probably gonna be coming up in the
next week or so anyway.
I.
I I literally just had a call two days
ago with the team about what options do
we have.
They they actually have some other ideas
in mind. Just just FYI.
I they have a they have a master data
plane service that they call Palantir and
they've been looking at using that for
many reasons.
So we've got some options on the table,
but we can keep this in mind.
What was the timeline again for this?
Sorry,
just trying to recall what the in terms
Current timeline current timeline.
of starting, yeah.
Well,
we're actually in a we're in an SIT phase
right now for what we call a quiet launch,
which will launch predominantly AEM in
Yep.
the Adobe Commerce catalog.
There's no e-commerce functionality for
this first phase.
OK.
The commercial launch phase where all
this back office functionality needs to
be present is going to be.
Right now, that's March 2026.
OK, almost a year from now.
Yeah, yeah.
And some of that is due to many complex
interdependencies with moving and
changing master data systems.
There's a whole host of things going on
that are really with like outside of our
control.
But yeah, that's the current timeline.
So Rick,
we are gonna be throughout next year.
You're gonna see a little bit.
I wanna use the word flurry,
but you're gonna see kind of rapid
updates and changes in evolution.
Is this something that as we evolve on
our side,
you can keep the customer posted on
updates as this as we continue to roll
Absolutely.
There's there is a ton of attention on
out new capabilities, OK.
this right now in the both it and
business are asking what's our POV.
Yep.
Why should we stay?
Why shouldn't we stay where we are?
Yep.
And what can we do to even if we stay the
course,
what can we do to make sure that we're
future ready?
So as a key point,
I think it's at the bottom of this
presentation somewhere.
I had said there's things we can do now.
Mm hmm.
So for example,
what can be out of process should be out
of process.
That at least reduce the the surface area
that has to be transitioned should they
Cool.
go to a SaaS based model.
Yeah.
Rick, 11 up, sorry.
And.
Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead.
I have one question on the we we only
have 5 minutes.
One question on the extensible Web API.
You have that not supported.
Can you share some more light?
Yeah, yeah.
I do believe we we support that through
web hooks today already.
Is there something missing there or maybe?
To.
Through web hooks I I guess what I'm
speaking about more so is and you could
The.
Mm hmm.
technically do this in a number of
different ways.
I so I should acknowledge that API mesh
might be a mechanism for augmenting
out-of-the-box APIs where they're not
sufficient. With, you know,
other structures.
But inherently the rest and graph QL AP
is to my knowledge on the SaaS model.
Are not extensible in the same way that.
They are within the past model,
meaning if we needed to include some
unique objects and data structures that
would augment, say a,
say a core entity or a core object over
the rest API or gql surface.
I don't believe we can do that in the
SaaS model.
Not even through aapm mesh.
I mean that would be the place to do it.
Through through API mesh we could. Yeah.
So that's why I said maybe I should.
I should correct my statement on this
'cause just as you asked it.
I wasn't even thinking about API mesh.
We could do some some custom resolvers as
an example that will modify the schema
for that particular data type.
OK.
Jack, you have a question?
Yeah. So in in ACCS,
we've extended the objects where you have
custom attributes and I believe that
they're glued into graph QL interface by
default. When you when you add them.
So I don't know how much of A dent that
would make.
I I'm not even sure what we have
documented right now.
It might be public information at this
point in time.
I I think it is. Yeah,
Nishant mentioned this.
Up.
There's AI.
Think it's limited to certain entities
though? Is that right?
You don't have full coverage.
It's.
Well, that is correct,
but it's a much larger set than what
OK.
commerce passed currently has.
OK.
Got it. OK.
Well,
maybe that's something for us to look
into here.
I.
I guess depending on the approach I guess
I would change my statement to say not
supported to supported and maybe clarify
supported via custom attributes Slash API
mesh custom resolvers.
And Rick, if you have any,
as you're doing that deeper dive with SAS
versus pass on the data model
extensibility, if you find?
Another use case or two that you need us
to think about.
Please do share as soon as you can.
That's a really important part of out of
process for us, so thanks.
Yeah, that you know that also is.
I know we're brought up on time,
but the data model extensibility has
actually been a a really important one
for us historically.
Yep.
Because.
I've never I I've almost never done an
implementation for a customer,
especially in the B2B space that has been
able to utilize a A core Adobe commerce
data model as is out-of-the-box,
there are always modifications to it.
And you know we we've always extended it
according to best practices.
Yep.
But Even so,
the data model needs a comprehensive
extensibility framework to go with it
again.
Otherwise,
for the same reason that if you if you
systematically have to recreate all core
admin screens,
then you start to whittle away at the
value of the platform itself and actually
Yeah. Yep.
going through this exercise you know one
of the thoughts I had in mind was.
Why doesn't Adobe Commerce one day just
become totally headless and be purely API
driven?
Because then you could at least put focus
on extensibility on one surface as
opposed to having to try to juggle the
concerns of every industry specific need
across 2 surfaces.
The UI and the API that it was just,
you know thoughts going through my head
as we went through this exercise.
But I think it just reinforces the point
that.
The for for as flexible as the platform
is.
Across industry,
time has told us that every industry's
business model is like a snowflake.
Even there are there are snowflakes
within and I don't even think it's
Yeah.
realistic for a single commerce platform
to pretend that it can have
out-of-the-box business processes and
data models that would actually fit
across all industries.
It's a great point.
It's a great point to make on data model
extensibility.
Have you checked out the new AP?
Is that we have released with SaaS.
'Cause now you can.
You can extend core entities.
Then go goes beyond product and customer.
You can extend B2B entities as well.
I may maybe if you can send me a link to
that I may know what you're talking about.
I I will.
And then as you look at that,
if you have any other feedback for us,
please let us know data model extensions,
Yep.
Sure. Yeah, absolutely.
So key key take away for us on this is
and I don't even I didn't even mention it,
but the one in the middle about B2B
functionality.
Our understanding is that won't be
available until 2026, unfortunately.
In our case,
we are reliant upon that for the use of
the company entity for quoting
functionality and piggybacking off of
that to support some dealer specific data
model augmentations.
Because dealer as a as a data entity
doesn't exist within commerce.
That,
I think was kind of a non starter for us
and we've already experienced a number of
delays on this project that we feel that
pursuing SaaS by by way of pausing the
project now to kind of rediscover and
refactor to adopt it is is just not in.
The cards for us,
I think it would be we're we're
estimating up to five months of delay on
that knowing all of the moving parts and
interdependent teams.
I just don't think the business can
stomach that.
At this time.
So so as I said at the end of the report,
the best thing we can do right now is a
future ready risk mitigation factor is to
move much more consistently towards auto
process extensibility.
Mm hmm yeah.
So this B2B are you just referring to
headless or are are you using Luma for
front end components?
In in well for the admin components too.
So for the core admin functionality like
quote Lifecycle management.
But yeah,
on the front end it would be purely API
driven.
And and I mean we we do support all of
that in in SaaS like B2B is
out-of-the-box.
So all company management and quoting all
of that is there.
So we do.
Yeah, we do have a need on. Oh. Oh, wait,
wait, wait. So Even so. OK,
then maybe I need to take a look at that
again.
So all of the IT has parity with the past
capabilities in terms of rest, AP is.
It it it comes with B2B module pre
installed.
So that's default.
OK.
Yeah, with API server APIs with.
The OK I I will look at that again.
But one other point to make about that is
even within the B2B modules,
there are some changes that have to be
made to like say the quoting process as
an example.
Yeah. Yep.
They're they're they're generally
lightweight,
but not lightweight enough that we feel
that we can.
We can implement them separately from
that core module.
It has to be like baked into the admin
experience,
otherwise we have to recreate the whole
admin interface from from scratch.
OK.
Match.
So admin is really where we need to push
and try to understand how we can get some
flexibility in in that capability that
makes sense. But yeah,
Yep, I will stay.
B to B functionality via AP is should be
there.
Throw in.
I was just gonna add that Nick and I was
talking the other day about admin
extensibility and he mentioned something
that I thought was a really good idea
that if we could effectively treat the
admin like a composable kind of set of
components where we could build our.
Own thing.
It would not only would kind of service
our use cases where we want to throw a
logo and kind of give a bespoke thing,
but it would also allow you guys just to
make a headless admin API and then we
just get like.
React components or something to kind of
build something with it?
Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
I thought it was really good.
I think that's where the admin UI SDK is.
Is kind of to me.
Yeah.
It feels like a middle ground to that end.
Yeah, yeah. OK, good. Super helpful.
Yeah, great feedback and we'll continue,
I think let us kinda digest this Rick.
And then as you look at the data model
extensibility that you know beyond just
products and other pieces,
let's have another pull up maybe in three
or four or five weeks and just kinda see.
And regroup if you're open to that.
Yeah, absolutely.
Last point I'll make is the business has
asked that we deliver this as a POV with
a statement of, you know,
should we stay or should we go?
Right now and and I you know,
I just want to make sure that we have
your alignment on this as well.
Right now our our position is to stay the
course and in fact I if it's not in this
version Nishant,
I might have actually added it that.
Why?
I asked about the order of the slides?
It's there, Rick.
I have seen it.
OK, OK. OK, very good.
I have seen it and your recommendation is
to stay the course with AEM and pass and
you have very nicely pointed out why you
are ruling out other options.
And I do not know if the team needs more
time, but I am in agreement.
OK, OK.
Very good.
OK.
Well, what I wanted to mention.
I I think.
There are a few other things in the
documentation.
Minor stuff for which we have prepared a
list of points.
We'll send it to you like AEM as a
service does not come.
Ah, OK.
Yeah.
We have taken Universal editor from AM,
but it'll have the contractual limitation
not to use outside commerce.
But yes,
it's not the full am as a service,
Right, right.
not full AM assets.
So there are some minor corrections which
we'll send you.
OK.
Very good.
Yeah, this is the recommendation slide,
yeah.
Jack, you got me up.
OK.
Jack. Sorry, did you wanna say something?
Yeah.
Yeah,
I posted in the in chat the link to the
documentation on upgraded custom
attributes for ACCS.
So that's all pub. That's all public.
Oh yes. OK.
Yeah,
I think this is the one that Nishant
showed me previously.
Yep, Yep I am.
Oh.
I am familiar with this one.
No.
Oh, OK.
Yep.
I wasn't sure if you'd seen that or not.
OK.
Thank you.
And then just one last comment about the
the admin UI that was mentioned certainly
aspirationally we want to make it purely
API driven that is not in there right now.
It's a long term thing,
so we're certainly in line with what you
Yeah.
asked for.
We're just timing will of course be.
Yeah.
Yeah, I get it.
What's important?
I get it.
Yes.
And sorry,
I just wanted to add about because there
there's a there's an accident coming out
of this call for me that I want to make
sure that I that I get aligned Komatsu
mostly it has asked that we you know
share this POV with the rest of.
The business,
but actually in a more summarized format
and also they've asked to have a
contingency that.
If for any reason the business challenges
this and says, well,
we feel that there's a different risk
factor.
Involved. We want to go SAS anyway.
We want to force it.
We have to come prepared to kind of
evaluate that effort in terms of time and
cost.
So that's what we're going to bring to
the table.
We are going to stay on a path course
with some risk mitigating activities to
make sure we're prepped for a long term
SaaS future and if we need to put it out
on the table,
we have basically a rough out of how much
time it would take for.
Us if we stopped right now and switch to
a SaaS based approach.
Yep, Rick.
OK.
Point #3,
just to reiterate so that we understood
it right.
Why we rolled out Option 3 in your slide
here.
We did that because the current
implementation is with AEM, SIF, right?
And Martin's.
That's correct.
Martin's recommendation was to stay that
route.
Yes, that is correct. Yep.
Yeah.
Rick, on on the recommendation,
I would just add,
I I know it's in your talk track,
but just to be super clear,
I would add app builder like things that
can be done in App Builder should be done
in App Builder even with the first one
just to.
Make sure you are future proofing what
you're building.
Yeah.
And the transition to staff would be
relatively easier if you include that in
the recommendation.
Yes, absolutely. Is there a?
Is there a slide after this one nishant?
Is there a slide?
Let me see.
No, no, I don't recall, so.
This one here.
Yeah, yeah.
So this, yeah,
this is where we start to elaborate on it.
So if you look here I I basically
selected the first option.
OK.
You'll see it in the blue bar at the top.
We just pulled it into the next slide and
Uh huh.
we said OK,
given that there's still a risk with this
approach,
what are some of our strategies
associated with that?
So I I have it on a separate slide,
we just need to we just need more space
OK. All right.
to elaborate on it.
Rick, at this time,
I know we're over time.
What?
Is there anything further you need from
Adobe?
That that feedback would be critical
because I want to make sure we're not
misrepresenting anything, you know,
based on this call alone.
Yep.
I think there were a couple points where
I I stand corrected on a few things.
So I want to make sure that's updated,
I don't think.
It changes the the outcome in the end,
but I want to make sure that we're that
we're consistently saying the same things
that align with the road map that Adobe
Same thing.
has.
So that's it.
Right.
Just just that feedback that Chanda had
mentioned.
Thank you.
This is very helpful, Greg. Thank you,
Brooke.
Sure.
Thank you, Doug.
Thank you.
Thank you for your time. All right.
Yep, you're welcome, everybody.
Yeah.
Appreciate the time and glad we got
through this all.
Thank you, Rick.
Thank you.
OK.
Hope you have a good day. Bye.
Bye everyone.
Thanks. We'll be in touch. Bye.
Thank you.
Thanks.